Founded in 2019, Bansk Group is a consumer-focused private investment firm led by a tenured group of investors and operators. Our team has amassed in-depth experience across the global CPG landscape and collectively invested over $30 billion of equity capital.

It strengthens consumer interest in and loyalty for the brands in our portfolio and as a result, creates stronger, more sustainable businesses. As such, Bansk is committed to developing policies that are aligned with industry best practices. We work together with the management teams of our portfolio companies to identify ESG priorities, agree on concrete objectives, and set appropriate KPIs to measure progress.

Every Bansk investment is first incubated in our thematic work where we study the category dynamics, consumer preferences, and competitors to derive differential insights. We then translate those insights into a proactive sourcing strategy.

Of Equity Capital Invested by Our Partners Across >40 Transactions

We seek to partner with distinctive brands in core focus areas where we have deep expertise and developed thematic investment theses:

Our team has developed Bansk’s value creation playbook over three decades of investing and operating in the consumer industry. We partner with management teams to craft tailored plans for each brand, with a focus on the long-term health and success of the business. Our model actively pursues outsized organic growth by optimizing businesses across six key elements in our playbook, feeding a virtuous cycle that creates category leaders. This model has consistently built multi-billion-dollar, global consumer businesses and driven attractive, market leading returns.

Our extensive experience as both investors and operators has led us to develop deep knowledge, a robust network, and invaluable resources that enable us to execute on our value creation philosophy.

Cultivate a safe and diverse working environment. Embracing the highest standards of employee safety, and diversity develops an engaged and productive workforce, attracts the best talent, creates a collaborative environment, and improves innovation. Bansk Group is a signatory to Institutional Limited Partners Association (ILPA) Diversity in Action and supports diversity in the Private Equity space. Read our Diversity statement here .

Implement initiatives for the business to give back to the community. Initiatives embedded in the brand proposition can deliver on brand purpose, strengthen brand equity, and increase consumer loyalty.

We believe ESG initiatives are critical to building better businesses for the future. Driving a proactive approach to ESG enables us to deliver sustainable benefits for all stakeholders.

Our extensive historical experience combined with these proactive studies have led us to ascertain enduring themes and differentiated insights, which enable us to identify distinctive brands that we can partner with to drive outsized growth and value creation.

This approach creates a virtuous cycle of growth and profitability that yields healthy outperformance over the long term. We believe value creation requires relentless focus on the actions that really matter to generate repeatable, market-beating results.

Adopt more sustainable practices that minimize each business’ impact on the environment. Responsible business practices and increased transparency across the product lifecycle, including in ingredients, packaging, manufacturing, and distribution, are competitive advantages that build a strong consumer base, especially among younger target audiences.

Deliver a better consumer experience. Best-in-class product experiences, through the use of safer ingredients for human health, are foundational to our efforts to build better businesses.

Distinctive brands provide consumers with a different point of view and better experience. Simply put, distinctive brands not only deliver on basic functional benefits but also go further in areas that matter to a clear group of consumers.

Ensure compliance with ethics, laws, and regulations. Setting standards for ethical behavior and compliance reduces the risk of regulatory action and strengthens trust with consumers and employees.

