Brush Creek Partners is a unique private equity firm founded and funded by entrepreneurs, families, and individuals, and many of us have worked and co-invested together in the past. We have committed capital and are actively seeking new investment opportunities.

BCP has access to significant capital and an appetite for follow-on investment; we will consider a wide range of partnerships

Over 35 years in private equity, investment banking and merchant banking  |  Maierhofer has been involved in numerous M&A and private equity transactions in various industries and stages of growth and development  |  Principal, Maierhofer Capital, a private equity firm  |  Partner, McCarthy Capital, a private equity firm with over $1 billion in assets  |  Co-head, Green Manning & Bunch, a Denver-based investment banking firm  |  BA Penn State University, MBA University of Denver

BCP's Investment Committee includes our Managing Partners working alongside five experienced private equity investors/operators/entrepreneurs.

Buyout, recapitalization and growth equity; subordinated debt, preferred equity, or mezzanine; specialty and niche financing opportunities

BCP’s management team, investment committee and investor group have a proven track record of driving success in a number of businesses and industries and providing value to our partners

BCP is focused on partnering with proven business owners, management teams and entrepreneurs. We are passionate about applying our leadership, expertise and funding to help our operating partners achieve significant long-term value and success.

BCP's managing partners, Kevin Ahern and Scott Maierhofer, bring a combined 70 years of successfully growing businesses as operators and capital partners.

Business & consumer services, manufacturing, distribution, and specialty finance

Vice President of Financial Planning & Analysis with ProBuild Holdings  |   Positions with Western Union, Clark Retail Enterprises, Target Corporation, and Arthur Andersen  |  MBA in Finance, University of Texas at Austin  |  CPA

35 years as an operator and investor in private equity, banking, financial services, and investment management  |  Ahern has been involved in numerous M&A and investment transactions focused in banking, insurance, asset management, professional services, mezzanine finance and real estate  |  Senior executive, Heartland Financial, a $12 billion bank holding company; Chairman of Citywide Banks  |  Founder and CEO, CIC Bancshares, a Colorado-based bank holding company, and Chairman of Centennial Bank  |  C-suite, CoBiz Financial  |  Managing Director, Sterling Partners  |  BS University of Northern Colorado, MBA University of Connecticut, CFA

CFO of privately held retail & restaurant companies  | Cooperative Housing Foundation  |  Director on Boards of Meridian Investments, Studio Center, and Sunshine Wireless Company  |  Advisory Board for Citywide Banks  |  Accounting degree, University of Maryland  |  CPA

Chief Financial and Investment Officer of the Clouse Family office, the Find Us Faithful Foundation and the Latham group of companies  |  CFO of American Civil Constructors, The BenchMark Group, Outward Bound Wilderness  |  MBA, University of Colorado  |  BS in Earth Science, UNC  |  CPA

​ Managing Partner of Asher Ventures  |  Managing Director of Meritage Funds  |  Partner of The Wallach Company  |  Professional Engineer for Turner Collie & Braden  |  MBA, University of Denver  |  BE, Vanderbilt University  |  CFA

Eagle River has a mix of commercial, home builder and residential customers in Colorado and has an opportunity to continue to acquire market share in the fast growing Front Range of Colorado. The company has acquired several waste businesses to date.

BCP is led by two experienced private equity and operating partners, Kevin Ahern and Scott Maierhofer

The company's customer base includes various branches of the U.S. military worldwide, Native American agencies, non-profit organizations, state and local agencies, and schools and universities.

BCP will consider partnerships ranging from minority equity positions to majority control, family succession and shareholder liquidity.

​Bank of Idaho, formed in 1985 in Idaho Falls, ID, is a fast growing and profitable independent community bank with 15 branches in eastern and western Idaho and eastern Washington. The bank is led by a dynamic team and is positioned in a rapidly growing region of the intermountain west.

Ranging from minority equity positions to majority control, family succession, shareholder liquidity

CEO of Phelps-Tointon, Inc. | Price Waterhouse  |  Board Member of The Weld Trust  |  MT, University of Denver  |  BS in Accounting, Kansas State University  |  CPA

Gemini13 plans to implement its growth strategy by executing accretive acquisitions and by organically creating digital content and controlling the related intellectual property. Gemini13 completed its first acquisition in September 2021.

Positions as Controller and Assistant Controller for private and public retail companies  |  CPA, Peat Marwick Mitchell and Co.  |  BA in accounting and mathematics, Luther College  |  CPA

Southwest Heritage Bank was formed through the merger of Bancorp 34, Inc and CBOA Financial, Inc. Commerce

Founder of LMK Consulting LLC  |  Director of Project Management Office for CoBiz Financial  |  COO of Green Manning & Bunch  |  MBA, University of Colorado  | BS in Geology, Metropolitan State University of Denver  |  PMP, CSM

​Slumber Cloud is an advanced bedding and sleep brand that makes award winning, temperature-regulating bedding products using proprietary technology developed originally for NASA by Outlast Technologies. The company originated as a business incubated within Outlast and CoorsTek, and spun off in 2019.

Established as International Bank in 1918, InBank is an independent commercial bank with 14 locations serving the Denver Metro Area, southern Colorado and Northern New Mexico.

Bank of Arizona was merged into Bank 34 at closing in March 2024. The bank was renamed Southwest Heritage

