Slauson & Co. is rooted in economic inclusion and driven by intentional investing.

Slauson and Co. is a unique fund set up to tackle that problem, by investing in the next generation of entrepreneurs driving economic inclusion. Read More.

An extension of Slauson & Co.’s mission of economic inclusion, Friends & Family exists to create an additional pathway for innovative founders building the next generation of category-defining businesses to access capital & community at the earliest stage. Our 12-week virtual accelerator invests $150,000 in 20 US-based companies and provides tactical programming + the opportunity to learn from some of the most successful entrepreneurs, investors, and operators in the world.

For more information about our fund and our investment process, please review this deck . Read more about our investment philosophy here . You can also connect directly with us through our once-a-month Slauson Spaces webinar where we discuss relevant entrepreneurship topics with early-stage founders. Be sure to follow our social channels to sign up for future sessions.

An extension of Slauson & Co.’s mission of economic inclusion, Friends & Family exists to create an additional pathway for innovative founders building the next generation of category-defining businesses to access capital & community at the earliest stage. The accelerator focuses on helping founders strengthen their business, attract investment, and build a network with other founders living a similar experience. We identify founders uniquely positioned to build something new and support them with the capital, connections and community to operationally move their business forward.

Austin Clements is co-founder and Managing Partner at Slauson & Co., a Los Angeles based early-stage venture capital firm rooted in economic inclusion. Slauson & Co. is proudly backed by some of the world’s most influential tech companies such as Google, Meta, Twitter, PayPal, and others. At Slauson, Austin focuses on investing in technologies that empower small business owners.

We've built a foundation to prove that investing inclusively has positive benefits for all. Check out our Inclusion Reports here:

In SMB SaaS, we invest in product-driven companies that empower small businesses. We look for:

At Slauson & Co. Brittany manages content strategy, LP and Founder communications and engagement, events, and impact initiatives.

The company is putting $50 million in Black and Latino-led venture capital firms. Read more .

My venture capital job places me at the intersection of burgeoning technologies and funding new businesses. Read More.

We invest in U.S.-based companies at the pre-seed and seed stages, typically leading or co-leading rounds of $750K to $5M, with our investment being up to $2.5M.

VC firm Slauson & Co. has closed a $100 million Fund II, a big step up from its initial $75 million fund. Read more .

First, is the hands-on presence in the company of Ron Conway, arguably Silicon Valley’s most famous early-stage investor. Read more .

Prior to Slauson & Co., she was a Summer Investment Associate at VamosVentures and Senior Program & Community Manager at XRC Ventures. She is also an alumni of the Grid110 Program, Inicio Ventures AngelPath Academy, and Included VC Fellowship.

Prior to Slauson & Co., she was an Associate at Goldman Sachs in the Executive Office and Global Markets divisions. During her time at Goldman Sachs, Waverly helped steer and launch firmwide impact initiatives including One Million Black Women, a $10 billion investment initiative, and Launch with GS, a $1bn investment strategy. Her efforts focused on increasing equity and access for underserved entrepreneurs. Within Global Markets, Waverly supported capital raising strategy for hedge funds, with a focus on ESG funds.

Jesús Salas is rooted in the belief that making culturally conscious investments is a path to increasing opportunity and positive economic outcomes for otherwise overlooked communities and founders. Jesús is a former Associate with Omidyar Network where he supported the sourcing and evaluation of venture investments and tools that catalyzed the supply of purpose-driven technology. Jesús has worked domestically and abroad in a variety of capacities such as a management consultant, impact investor and investment banker with global organizations working across industries ranging from agriculture, education, and financial technology.

Our focus areas are SMB SaaS and culturally-aligned consumer tech , where we seek out founders building innovative tools and brands that support the next generation of small business owners and authentically serve diverse communities.

Loma is a marketing platform supporting franchise businesses.

Miki Reynolds is the Head of Programs at Slauson & Co , where she develops and leads programs - like the Friends & Family accelerator - that advance the firm's mission of economic inclusion.

Outside of Slauson & Co., Jesús is involved in a range of organizations committed to increasing diversity at all professional levels. These efforts include the Toigo Foundation, the Access Project, and VCFamilia. Jesús is a 2021 HBCUvc Emerging Venture Leaders Award recipient and a Board Member of Microlumbia- Columbia Business School’s student-run impact investing fund.

When it comes to entrepreneurship, the Black community has seen a surge of new business owners. Read More.

Late July, we excitedly committed $2.5 million of independent GP (General Partner) capital to Black and Latino/Latina investing partners. Read More. ﻿

Late July, we excitedly committed $2.5 million of independent GP (General Partner) capital to Black and Latino/Latina investing partners. Read More.

Ajay Relan is an investor, entrepreneur, and community builder. Prior to Slauson & Co., Ajay was a founding Partner at Queensbridge Venture Partners. With a keen focus on brand building and storytelling, Ajay's passion lies in identifying trends and engineering culturally aligned brands.

A lifelong Angeleno, Ajay has established a business portfolio grounded in community. His most recent collaboration, Hilltop Coffee + Kitchen, has become a staple, facilitating productivity and collaboration in diverse neighborhoods across Los Angeles.

Penelope.co is a fintech company reimagining retirement solutions for small businesses and their employees.

Bags is the growth financing marketplace helping small businesses secure the bag.

A-Frame Brands is a portfolio of talent-led clean beauty/personal care brands prioritizing impactful consumer-based solutions

She obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Gender Studies from UCLA and studied International Business abroad for a summer at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE).

Austin Clements was ready to give up. He’d quit his job in venture capital in 2019 to try to launch his own fund giving early-stage money to tech startups founded by entrepreneurs of color, but investor interest was slim. Read More.

Prior to this role, Austin was at TenOneTen Ventures, a data focused seed fund based in LA. He has also worked in investment management and founded a mobile app development firm to serve small businesses.

Aileen Kim is a lifelong learner. Prior to Slauson & Co, Aileen interned at The Walt Disney Company, Nuleep, and the Greater LA branch of UN Women in controls, strategy, and engagement. Through USC’s Asian Pacific American Student Services center (APASS), she developed Connections!, an annual career development program with monthly events. Aileen also led diversity and inclusion initiatives around mental health, education, and social justice to foster inclusive spaces in business, along with annual community service days and inspirational, cultural events while at USC. Passionate about the intersection of business and social good, Aileen strives to provide a new perspective in all the projects she touches.

Route is a platform of Business Management tools for the Commercial cleaning industry.

Prior to Slauson & Co, she was the CEO & Co-Founder of Grid110, an award winning non-profit providing free entrepreneurship programs to underrepresented founders in partnership with the City of Los Angeles.

Recurring revenue models or links to scalable goods and services

Aileen is a graduate of USC with majors in Business Administration and Global Studies and a minor in Classics.

Ease is a platform that helps you start, build, grow and manage your own clinical practice.

Waverly is also a graduate of the University of Southern California where she majored in International Relations Global Business.

As a Black man in venture capital, the last few months have been eye-opening. The national conversations about social justice led to an increased awareness of the challenges faced by underrepresented founders and funders in our industry. Read More.

Clarissa Kim is a Content Coordinator at Slauson & Co. with a background in product development and marketing. Before joining Slauson & Co., she interned with PledgeLA, Grid110, and several startups, gaining experience in programming, community management, and product management. She was a startup consultant at TroyLabs, her university's biggest entrepreneurship organization, and founded her own music tech startup her junior year.

As Senior Program Manager, she works with the Head of Programs in developing all areas of the Friends and Family Program. Outside of Slauson & Co., she is the Founder & CEO of Muslim Women Professionals (MWP). She is also a public speaker on issues like: gender equity, the Muslim community, and venture capital.

Finli helps small businesses get paid by managing customer communications, sending invoices, processing payments, and chasing down customer payments.

Brittany Crockett has a passion for advocacy, entrepreneurship, and storytelling. Prior to Slauson & Co. she was the Director of Partner Development and Licensing at 4thMVMT, a Los Angeles social equity startup. There she helped clear a path for aspiring entrepreneurs in the recently-legalized cannabis industry, who came from communities disproportionately impacted by the war on drugs in both Los Angeles and Chicago. Brittany oversaw the onboarding, training, and licensing required for these entrepreneurs to gain entry into the quickly expanding cannabis market.

She brings a fierce passion for supporting an inclusive community of entrepreneurs, having directly advised 350+ early stage companies from idea to seed stage, led mostly by Black, AAPI, Latinx and Women founders.

Last week, we announced Friends & Family , a 12-week accelerator where 20 companies across the country will receive $20,000 in non-dilutive capital. Read more .

Founders with a deep understanding of customer needs, values, and a commitment to building strong brands

Loamy is a supply chain management platform for food manufacturers.

Heard is an AI product that helps brands collect customer insights at scale.

Smaller contracts (if any contract at all) or low entry price

Misha’s makes the very BEST Dairy-Free Dairy products in the market!

Tourus is a platform that helps properties and renters manage the touring and leasing process.

Innovative products that bridge gaps and meet emerging needs, often before they’re recognized

SimpleCar is redefining vehicle ownership through a customer-centric, flexible, and debt free way to drive.

RX-Post is an inventory management platform for independent pharmacies.

Sofia is passionate about building resources to help diverse communities thrive.

Prado is an ecommerce and logistics platform for food entrepreneurs.

Liquidonate is an excess inventory matching and donating platform.

Cohart is a vertical marketplace for creators and their collectors to connect and monetize their communities online.

She has spent the last decade as an active community leader within the LA tech and startup ecosystem, sits on the advisory committee for PledgeLA and recently joined the board for Grid110.

